DM-2039 Added Partial Address Scan (#839)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/protocol-integration/opcua-bundle/authentication.md

In case a node is found with a non-existing namespace entry the scan process skips this node and continues.
An error entry will be written to the log file to provide information (more information available in debug level).

> To manually scan the address space hit the rescan button. You can monitor the progress by checking the rescan operation under the control tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually scan the address space click **Rescan**. You can monitor the progress by checking the rescan operation in the control tab.
```

> To manually scan the address space (depending on the Address Scan Type Full / Partial) hit the rescan button. You can monitor the progress by checking the rescan operation under the control tab.

Author: Its actually not dependent. Pease remove the sentence. Feel free using caps. 
After clicking the rescan button an operation is created and displayed under the control section. It will be named c8y_ua_command_ScanAddressSpace.
